Fix NoneType error when pulling non existent field (#30145)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.0.0.rst

- Bug in :func:`read_json` where default encoding was not set to ``utf-8`` (:issue:`29565`)
- Bug in :class:`PythonParser` where str and bytes were being mixed when dealing with the decimal field (:issue:`29650`)
- :meth:`read_gbq` now accepts ``progress_bar_type`` to display progress bar while the data downloads. (:issue:`29857`)

> - Bug in :func:`pandas.io.json.json_normalize` where a change of schema in json could lead to a NoneType error (:issue:`30148`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bug in :func:`pandas.io.json.json_normalize` where a missing value in the location specified by `record_path` would raise a ``TypeError`` (:issue:`30148`)
```
